welcome guys to another one of my little
blogs and today I'm doing a bit playing
and doing a bit talk about these little
things these are some new collections
that I was given to try and they are
cool sick pics as you can see they're
very unique as they are corkscrew shapes
and I see that I've seen them before
sort of wondered and they really are
very good i've got three sizes hit one
of them being a d55 i will have a
slightly longer one which is a d-35 and
then a bigger one which is AD 70 five
sizes based on the curl about the angle
of the twist on it my personal favorite
so far is this one which is orange gauge
and is AD 55 you can see there yeah a
very interesting elections they come in
all different sizes i drugged got two
packs of these sort of similar size when
it's no really good they're good for
calling a good lead stuff and i'll show
you a few uh it's involves now so I'm
give you a couple demos now I one with
my acoustic guitar to be at the end is
to show some versatility and then one on
a letter it both of which i'll be using
the d 55 sick Pig just sort of still
quite thick gauge with medium twist on
it which is my favorite up a lot I've
got here which I'll show you in its hop
here so I'm enjoy i'll show you a few
close-ups the picking out of it as well
so you can see how to get used to them
so I'm enjoy
ok
I am I
I'm in a jam
hey
mmm
No
me
Oh
hey
mm-hmm
so we've enjoyed this demo of the sick
pic plectrums there's something no
different Oh is everyone get a pack and
trying them out because they're one of
those things that you over really might
not like all might be the key to some
really good play and some really good
things for you so I try them out get a
few gauges a few different twists and
see what you think take it easy guys
I'll see you soon and you have yourself
a good week